I didn't say that we should go and talk when we arrive.
We should burn it when we leave.
I didn't say that.
You can find out from the article I've been reading since the time I was in Hong Kong.
I can't remember what happened that day.
I was angry with the government last year.
I won't talk about it today.
You can see my speech after the meeting.
The government didn't have this news last year.
But I knew this news last year.
The Communist Party of Wuhan is still talking.
I was so angry that I said...
...because the government let us do this, I won't talk about it.
You can find out from my speech.
Do you know when the Communist Party of Wuhan was burned?
After the fire in Guangzhou.
We knew it clearly when we arrived in Wuhan.
When we left Wuhan, we heard the words of the Suo-e's counselors.
They took out the pictures of the street in Wuhan.
They painted the red spots.
All the places were burned.
The security commander burned them.
But the Communist Party of Wuhan was still...
...a little bit unbearable.
I heard that the fire was a little bit more.
But it was still burning.
There were still many people left.
The people of the country were so unhappy.
They couldn't stand it.
They were always fighting.
So the fire was still burning...
...until the military sent the fire.
It was a terrible thing.
What happened last year?
Last year, I couldn't stand it.
I couldn't stand it.
I saw it.
The fire in Guangzhou was unbearable.
The fire in Wuhan was unbearable.
They were fighting.
They were still burning.
I don't know what they were doing.
Now everyone knows that Chongqing will be the same.
If the fire was so big...
...I would have to burn it down.
That's what I said.
If there was no hope...
...there would be no hope.
Chongqing is the same.
But Chongqing is not that big.
Chongqing is worth more than it.
Everyone has to burn it down.
It's so big.